#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
accelerate==1.1.0
    # via peft
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.10
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tqdm
datasets==3.1.0
    # via evaluate
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
evaluate==0.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
huggingface-hub==0.26.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   peft
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   pandas
    #   peft
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   peft
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
peft==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
propcache==0.2.0
    # via yarl
psutil==6.1.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
pyarrow==18.0.0
    # via datasets
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   peft
    #   transformers
regex==2024.9.11
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.14.1
    # via scikit-learn
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.20.1
    # via transformers
torch==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
tqdm==4.66.6
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   peft
    #   transformers
transformers==4.46.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   peft
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   multidict
    #   torch
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.17.1
    # via aiohttp
